First of all you  dont have to learn  every single topic in mlops. Only basics.

Theory  behind : 
1 Data and model 
2 feature management and storage 
3 pipeline automation 
4 CI/ CD 
5  monitoring 
….
Those steps  are   universal  and   you   choose the tools  for each step. 

Store  -> train -> commit -> test -> deploy & monitor -> train 
So   you   can  try   simple project in  datacamp on  mlops for  having the hands  on   
And then try to implement to your case   which is  simple lstm for the stock prediction .    

Key  features  : 
Experiment tracking 
Storage 
Flexibility to retrain 


Basically   the   big   picture  of  project  looks  like   : 
Model training 
Deployment of api of  django 
Monitoring and logging 
CI  / CD   

Tools : 
Django 
Sklearn / keras or  any 
Docker
Github actions 
Mlflow 
Grafana 
Maybe ZenMl
Mloops   is   way too big   so   that is why  just  build project above and then improve on  top of it using  the books  and try to see the big  picture and use proper tools because tools are just tools .   And tools  must be used properly. 



https://mlops-for-all.github.io/en/    this is   very good  site  for learning mlpops 



1 register  on the   databricks community edition site  
and start there new exprement
2 !pip install mlflow
!databricks configure --host https://community.cloud.databricks.com/
run this and register with  email  and the password  
3 refresh  page 
import mlflow
mlflow.set_tracking_uri("")
mlflow.set_experiment("your  experemnt name") copied from the databricks site
4 then train and test data  
5 start , load   , eval  with   model paramters  
6 end run 


///////

The MLOps (Machine Learning Operations) cycle is a framework that integrates machine learning models into production environments in a scalable, reliable, and efficient way. It combines best practices from DevOps, data engineering, and machine learning to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of machine learning applications.

Key Stages of the MLOps Cycle
Data Engineering:

Data Collection: Gathering raw data from various sources such as databases, APIs, and files.
Data Preprocessing: Cleaning, transforming, and preparing data for model training. This includes handling missing data, normalization, feature engineering, etc.
Data Versioning: Tracking changes in datasets over time to ensure reproducibility and consistency.
Model Development:

Experimentation: Running experiments with different models, algorithms, and hyperparameters to find the best-performing model.
Model Training: Training the selected model on the processed data. This stage may involve techniques like cross-validation and hyperparameter tuning.
Model Evaluation: Assessing the performance of the model using metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score. Comparing the performance of various models.
Model Deployment:

Packaging: Wrapping the model and its dependencies in a container or environment that can be deployed in production.
Deployment: Moving the model into a production environment, which could be a cloud service, on-premises server, or edge device.
Model Serving: Setting up APIs or endpoints through which the model can be accessed for predictions in real-time or batch mode.
Monitoring and Management:

Monitoring: Continuously tracking the model's performance in production, watching for issues like data drift, concept drift, or performance degradation.
Model Retraining: Automatically or manually retraining the model when its performance degrades or when new data becomes available.
Logging and Alerting: Keeping detailed logs of predictions, model performance, and system metrics, and setting up alerts for any anomalies.
CI/CD for Machine Learning:

Continuous Integration: Integrating changes in code, data, and model configurations into a shared repository. Ensuring that the code and models can be reproduced and deployed consistently.
Continuous Delivery: Automating the deployment of models into production, ensuring that changes are delivered efficiently and reliably.
Continuous Testing: Implementing automated tests for data, models, and code to catch issues early in the cycle.
Governance and Compliance:

Auditability: Maintaining a detailed history of data, model versions, and decisions made during the ML lifecycle to ensure transparency and accountability.
Compliance: Ensuring that the model complies with relevant regulations, such as data privacy laws (e.g., GDPR).
Iterative Nature of the MLOps Cycle
The MLOps cycle is highly iterative, with feedback loops at every stage. For instance, monitoring might reveal the need for model retraining, which would send the process back to the model development stage. Similarly, changes in the data pipeline might necessitate updates in the model, leading to new experiments and deployments.

Tools Supporting MLOps
A wide range of tools and platforms support the MLOps lifecycle, including:

Data Engineering: Apache Spark, Airflow, dbt
Model Development: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn
Deployment: Docker, Kubernetes, MLflow, Seldon
Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, WhyLabs, Evidently AI
CI/CD: Jenkins, GitLab CI, CircleCI
In summary, the MLOps cycle ensures that machine learning models are not just built but maintained, scaled, and governed efficiently throughout their lifecycle, enabling organizations to extract continuous value from AI/ML solutions.