
.i still  dont  know the mlflow and docker  well   
.i need  to   recall   first  the  actions 
.i should  start several  projects for  example  : 
main   project   is for  learning  the  djnago  
another  one is   for  learninig time seriess mlops
another  one  is   for  sentiment analysis  
another one  is  for learning tools  like  docker  and github actions 
.the  good  starategy  is  to learn  something  in the   isolation  
and then  appply   it   to  main   project 
for  example  you  learned  the topic  from  mlflow  and about docker 
exercise  first  in  isolation  and then   apply  to  the main 
project.   
.learn the minimum  of   mlops  and then  apply to  your  project  
and then   apply   SE  book and  rest  of   books 



 ....
cycle   is   :   
after model  eval : 
deploy 
monitor and manitain 
retrain  and update with   zenml ci / cd 
documentation and colab 

.....
data  management
model train
model versioning
deployment 
model  monitor and  manage
automated and orchestration
collaboration and  governance

above aspects  of   ml   have to  be  worked on  
.....
---Data Management and Versioning: 
 Tools like DVC (Data Version Control) and LakeFS help in data management and versioning, thereby allowing a project in machine learning to be reproducible and traceable.
---Experiment Tracking: 
MLflow platforms and Weights & Biases have inherent experiment tracking frameworks that enable tracking experiments, recording parameters and results, and allowing data scientists to compare and manage their experiments.
---Model Development Frameworks:
 A few of the popular libraries and frameworks supporting extensive support for various algorithms for the development of models in machine learning include TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Scikit-learn.
---Model versioning and registry: 
The versioning of models, which will contain the respective metadata and make it easy to track the right models, is handled by MLflow Model Registry and DVC.
---Workflow Orchestration and Automation: Apache Airflow and Kubeflow Pipelines can automate the ML workflow, from data preprocessing to model training and deployment. They, therefore, promise consistency and efficiency in the processes.
---Model Deployment: 
This is the process of deploying the developed models into the real world on a production scale using TensorFlow Serving, TorchServe, and Kubernetes such that they handle real-world workloads efficiently.
---Model Monitoring and Operations: 
This process involves monitoring models' performance and operational health using Prometheus, Grafana, and AI to alert respective teams in case of deviations from defined normalcy or thresholds.
---Version Control and Collaboration: Git and GitHub tools assist in version control and collaboration. They help control versions of the files and collaborate with a team of software developers on a project.


maybe    time  series  of  stocks   with   django  and lstm  and used   mlflow  and   zenml  , 
dockerized  and deployed to   ngnix and monitor 
with   grafana  and ci /  cd  is   done with github  actions .

1  above  topics and  tools .   learn  each  individually  and 
then   apply to  single   project  main 
2  use  zenml  for   orchestrations  / docker  and ngnix  for  deployment 
3  just  keep  building   ,  dont  seek   perfections   and just  make minimum and then
deepen knowledge with  books  and opensource



